README.md, before:

# simple-node-js-server
Zuri training Task: Create a Simple Server to do the following:

* Return message to the client
* Return Json object of your name, country and hobby
*  Return simple web page.

sample code is shown below

![allcode](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/35394098/113405990-60f48a00-93b3-11eb-849c-e530b2defd7a.png)

## Task 1: Return message to the client
The code snippet shown below returns a text message to the client when the url is "/"
![message](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/35394098/113406650-83d36e00-93b4-11eb-92a4-a0d2a9fc5d37.png)

The output is shown in the browser, a text message
![message output](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/35394098/113407000-225fcf00-93b5-11eb-855e-303c4fcb086a.png)

## Task 2: Return Json object of your name, country and hobby
The code to return the object is shown below, if the url is ":3000/about"
![about](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/35394098/113407290-a9ad4280-93b5-11eb-9168-87b3c377cb15.png)

The output is shown in the client (browser) as shown below
![about output](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/35394098/113407527-1e807c80-93b6-11eb-98e3-a51c685d36ec.png)

## Task 3: Return simple web page

Commit message:

simple server code and output images

README.md, after:

# simple-node-js-server
Zuri training Task: Create a Simple Server to do the following:

* Return message to the client
* Return Json object of your name, country and hobby
*  Return simple web page.

sample code is shown below


![listen](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/35394098/113408040-402e3380-93b7-11eb-986c-f96620bc4d03.png)

The server is listening on port 3000

## Task 1: Return message to the client
The code snippet shown below returns a text message to the client when the url is "/"
![message](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/35394098/113406650-83d36e00-93b4-11eb-92a4-a0d2a9fc5d37.png)

The output is shown in the browser, a text message
![message output](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/35394098/113407000-225fcf00-93b5-11eb-855e-303c4fcb086a.png)

## Task 2: Return Json object of your name, country and hobby
The code to return the object is shown below, if the url is ":3000/about"
![about](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/35394098/113407290-a9ad4280-93b5-11eb-9168-87b3c377cb15.png)

The output is shown in the client (browser) as shown below
![about output](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/35394098/113407527-1e807c80-93b6-11eb-98e3-a51c685d36ec.png)

## Task 3: Return simple web page
The code snippet below reads an html page and renders it to the client if the url is ":3000/page"
![web page](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/35394098/113407791-b716fc80-93b6-11eb-97f8-689eec8e0626.png)

The output is shown below
![page output](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/35394098/113407935-0a894a80-93b7-11eb-8030-4fcf9017388b.png)
